# sgdbHeroku
📦⚙️ This is a repository to manager my databases from Heroku

### Why?

Heroku doesn't have a good tool to manage the database of an application, so I am developing this project to manage the databases of my projects that run on Heroku, and obviously, they have a database in th application.

- At the beginning, the project wiil manage only applications that use postgreSQL, but i intend to cover projects with MySQL and MongoDB as a database.

### For the future

I want take advantage of my studies with Javascript frontend, to develop a web application in React. So that it is possible that anyone can use the system to manage their own databases.

- I imagine, that the user would just provide the connection link to it database (generated by heroku) and so the user will have access to generate common sql scripts and also access to run their own sql scripts.

### Did you like the project?

If you wanna contribute, just make contact.

### Collaborators

- [chicofariasneto](https://github.com/chicofariasneto)

### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Francisco Rodrigues

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
